Clarify Fusion warn_error_options numeric codes (#9537)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/warnings.md

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

> In the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, every warning has both a numeric code (for example, `1092`) and an event name (for example, `NoNodesForSelectionCriteria`). Messages printed at runtime include both the name and the code, but `warn_error_options` only accepts the event name, Fusion-native name, or supported groups (`all`, `*`). See [Supported legacy dbt-Core event name aliases](#supported-legacy-dbt-core-event-name-aliases) for the full list of supported event names and their corresponding codes.

Author: ```suggestion
In the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, every warning has both a numeric code (for example, `1092`) and an event name (for example, `NoNodesForSelectionCriteria`). 

Messages printed at runtime include both the name and the code, but `warn_error_options` only accepts the event name, Fusion-native name, or supported groups (`all`, `*`). Refer to [Supported legacy dbt-Core event name aliases](#supported-legacy-dbt-core-event-name-aliases) for the full list of supported event names and their corresponding codes.
```

> In the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, every warning has both a numeric code (for example, `1092`) and an event name (for example, `NoNodesForSelectionCriteria`). Runtime messages show both, but `warn_error_options` only accepts the **name** — use the event name, Fusion-native name, or a supported group (`all`, `*`). Numeric codes aren't accepted and will cause an error. To find the name for a code you see in your logs, check [Supported legacy dbt-Core event name aliases](#supported-legacy-dbt-core-event-name-aliases).

Author: ```suggestion
In the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, every warning has both a numeric code (for example, `1092`) and an event name (for example, `NoNodesForSelectionCriteria`). 

Runtime messages show both, but `warn_error_options` only accepts the _name_. Use the event name, Fusion-native name, or a supported group (`all`, `*`). Numeric codes aren't accepted and will cause an error. 

To find the name for a code you see in your logs, check out [Supported legacy dbt-Core event name aliases](#supported-legacy-dbt-core-event-name-aliases).
```

### Warning codes in Fusion

> In <Constant name="fusion" />, every warning has both a numeric code (for example, `1092`) and an event name (for example, `NoNodesForSelectionCriteria`). Warning messages at runtime show both, but `warn_error_options` only accepts the **name** — never the code:

Author: ```suggestion
In <Constant name="fusion" />, every warning has both a numeric code (for example, `1092`) and an event name (for example, `NoNodesForSelectionCriteria`). Warning messages at runtime show both, but `warn_error_options` only accepts the _name_,  never the code:
```

      - FreshnessConfigProblem   # by name
```

> Any value that isn't a supported legacy event name, Fusion-native name, or supported group (`all`, `*`) causes <Constant name="fusion" /> to exit with an error at startup — this includes numeric codes. For example, `{error: [1092]}` fails, but `{error: [NoNodesForSelectionCriteria]}` works.

Author: ```suggestion
Any value that isn't a supported legacy event name, Fusion-native name, or supported group (`all`, `*`) causes <Constant name="fusion" /> to exit with an error at startup, including numeric codes. For example, `{error: [1092]}` fails, but `{error: [NoNodesForSelectionCriteria]}` works.
```

### Supported legacy dbt-core event name aliases

> When you see a warning code in your logs, use this table to find the matching event name to put in `warn_error_options`. The code column is only for looking up warnings you see at runtime — you can't use the code itself in your config:

Author: ```suggestion
When you see a warning code in your logs, use the following table to find the matching event name to put in `warn_error_options`. The code column is only for looking up warnings you see at runtime &mdash; you can't use the code itself in your config:
```
